My childhood was not easy.
Actually, it was a hard one.
All my life I thought and dreamed,
‘Why can’t all of us live free?’
You are not allowed
to express your opinion,
or to go where you want;
the Jews can,
but you are not allowed
because you are an Arab.
I felt angry
because of the injustice and animosity.
So I started to say to myself,
‘I want to take action!
I want to push the Jews away.’
So I became the leader of a cell
that opposed the occupation.
Because of this, I was imprisoned
from 1985 for four years.
‘Why?’
I had this question on my mind all the time.
‘Why? Why?’
Then something happened
that changed my whole life.
A subscription to The Watchtower magazine
was made for me.
This is what I had been looking for
—peace, security,
happiness, and satisfaction.
These things had been missing
since my childhood.
I looked and found them in the truth.
Nothing will stop the bloodshed on the earth,
nothing but the Kingdom.
I maintain my relationship with Jehovah
and hold on to what I learned.
This changed me.
I was raised as a Jew.
We are taught from childhood
that we are the chosen nation,
that God supports this nation.
Where I lived,
I was surrounded by people who hated Arabs.
I remembered people saying the expression
that “a good Arab is a dead Arab.”
There was a saying,
“If someone comes to kill you,
kill him first.”
They used to claim
that this was a quote from the Bible.
When I learned the truth,
all the barriers between us
fell down.
For me, this was something
that was very refreshing,
to know that Jehovah
expects us to love everyone,
people from all backgrounds,
including Arabs.
Today, I am happy
to be in Jehovah’s army
where millions of people
belong to Jehovah’s army,
and they don’t serve
to fight other people.
They serve him to save
other people’s lives
from all the nations
and from all sorts of backgrounds.